Byto Academy 🚀
https://byto-academy.vercel.app/
Byto Academy is a modern, premium EdTech frontend application built with Next.js. It features a fully responsive, sleek dashboard, robust routing, and engaging user interfaces designed to provide a seamless learning experience across all devices.

🌟 Key Features
Modern Tech Stack: Built with Next.js (App Router), React, and vanilla CSS for granular styling control.
Responsive Dashboard: A dynamic sidebar layout that perfectly adapts to desktop, tablet, and mobile viewports.
Interactive UI: Features state-managed interactive components, smooth transitions, and premium design aesthetics (glassmorphism, curated color palettes).
Core Learning Features:
Dashboard: Overview of user progress, active courses, and upcoming tasks.
Resume Learning: Intelligent routing that allows users to seamlessly jump back into their last active learning session.
Dynamic Routing: Built-in support for nested course modules and practice environments.
Production-Ready Performance: Fully optimized for fast load times using Next.js static and dynamic rendering capabilities.
🛠️ Tech Stack
Framework: Next.js (App Router)
Library: React
Styling: Vanilla CSS (Custom design system with CSS Variables)
Icons: Lucide React
Syntax Highlighting: PrismJS
Code Editor: React Simple Code Editor
🚀 Getting Started
First, install the dependencies:

npm install
Then, run the development server:

npm run dev
Open http://localhost:3000 with your browser to see the application.

📦 Production Build
This project is fully optimized and ready for production deployment. To create a production build:

npm run build
npm run start
🌐 Deployment
The easiest way to deploy this Next.js app is to use the Vercel Platform from the creators of Next.js. Simply push this repository to GitHub and import it into Vercel for zero-config, automatic deployments.

👨‍💻 Developer Notes & Case Study
This project serves as a robust frontend case study demonstrating:

Handling of complex UI states and application routing.
Crafting responsive layouts without relying solely on heavy UI libraries.
Adhering to modern UX/UI best practices, including accessible contrast and intuitive navigation.
Resolving React hydration mismatches and client/server rendering synchronization.
Built with ❤️ for the future of online education.